bin\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe.config
bin\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe.config
obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\x86\Debug\Applications_Test_Board.Properties.Resources.resources
obj\x86\Debug\Apps Test Board.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
bin\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe
bin\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.pdb
obj\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe
obj\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.pdb
obj\x86\Debug\Applications_Test_Board.FormMessage.resources
obj\x86\Debug\Applications_Test_Board.FormMain.resources
bin\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe.manifest
bin\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.application
obj\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.TrustInfo.xml
obj\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.exe.manifest
obj\x86\Debug\Applications Test Board.application
bin\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.exe.config
obj\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.exe
obj\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.pdb
bin\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.exe.manifest
bin\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.application
bin\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.exe
bin\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.pdb
obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\x86\Release\Applications_Test_Board.FormMain.resources
obj\x86\Release\Applications_Test_Board.FormMessage.resources
obj\x86\Release\Applications_Test_Board.Properties.Resources.resources
obj\x86\Release\Apps Test Board.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
obj\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.TrustInfo.xml
obj\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.exe.manifest
obj\x86\Release\Applications Test Board.application
